Add table_aws_eventbridge_rule. Closes #113 (#135)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_eventbridge_rule.md

# Table: aws_eventbridge_rule

Amazon EventBridge defines the building and management of event-driven applications by taking care of event ingestion and delivery, security, authorization, and error-handling. Events is serverless, highly-available, and scalable.

## Examples

### EventBridge rule basic info

```sql
select
    name,
    arn,
    state,
    created_by,
    event_bus_name
from
    aws_eventbridge_rule;
```

> 

Reviewer: ```
select
  name,
  arn,
  state,
  created_by,
  event_bus_name
from
  aws_eventbridge_rule;
```

> ### List of rules which are not in enable state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List of rules which are not enabled
```

# Table: aws_eventbridge_rule

Amazon EventBridge defines the building and management of event-driven applications by taking care of event ingestion and delivery, security, authorization, and error-handling.

## Examples

> ### EventBridge rule basic info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Basic info
```

```sql
select
  name,
  arn,
  state,
  created_by,
  event_bus_name
from
  aws_eventbridge_rule;
```

> ### List of rules which are not enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### List disabled rules
```

```sql
select
  name,
  arn,
  state,
  created_by
from
  aws_eventbridge_rule
where
  state != 'ENABLED';
```

> ### List of targets and IAM roles associated with the rule

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Get the targets and IAM role associated with each rule
```

> ### List of targets info which are associated with rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List of targets info associated with the rule
```

```sql
select
  name,
  cd ->> 'Arn' as target_arn,
  cd ->> 'RoleArn' as role_arn,

>   cd ->> 'Id' as id

Reviewer: which id is this? change the alias as a meaningful name.

from
  aws_eventbridge_rule,
  jsonb_array_elements(targets) as cd;
```

> ### List of rules which are not associated with any iam role

Reviewer 2: What's the impact of a rule not being associated with an IAM role? Does the rule not work then?

> ### List of rules which have iam role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List of rules which are not associated with any iam role
```

```sql
select
  name,
  cd ->> 'RoleArn' as role_arn
from
  aws_eventbridge_rule,
  jsonb_array_elements(targets) as cd
where

>   cd ->> 'RoleArn' != 'null';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cd ->> 'RoleArn' = null;
```
